this helped me get more traffic right
away as your traffic goes up and down
all the time so what do you do when you
need a quick boost of traffic it has
almost nothing to do with your website
in fact this traffic hack relies
completely on social media can you guess
what it is
it's used Instagram stories Instagram is
still huge with over 2 billion not
million billion monthly active users and
59 of them who log in every day and if
you want to engage with your audience
more directly instead of hoping they
find your blog it's a great way to
increase your engagement and boost your
traffic Instagram stories can be used in
a ton of different ways and it's
certainly not just for individual users
in fact 33 of the most viewed Instagram
stories came from businesses marketers
love Instagram in fact marketers in the
US spend 31 of their Instagram ad Budget
on stories because all a user has to do
is swipe up on your story and all of a
sudden they're on your website and
that's instant traffic so
what should you be promoting on your
Instagram story in order to drive more
traffic one I want you to promote a
product 36 of his stories promote a
product it works now with this product
when you're doing a story just don't say
hey here's your product swipe up to buy
it you can have multiple stories talking
about the benefit of the product and how
great it is in essence you're making
your pitch on Instagram and then they
swipe up to go to the landing page you
don't want them to have to go to the
landing page to learn more about the
product you want them to learn about the
product through the story so that way
your drop-off rate isn't as big so then
when they swipe up all they have to do
is just complete the purchase number two
broadcast Live Events show off what
you've been working on or something new
that you're about to release 10 of
Brandon stories feature various Live
Events when you end up doing that people
get excited it builds anticipation you
end up generating more sales have you
noticed there's a company that everyone
knows that's really good at this it's
called apple apple does big product
launches they have Live Events and they
build up that anticipation stories can
help you do that as well
three explainer videos users love
tutorials five percent of businesses use
Instagram stories for how-to videos and
these how-to videos help you build a
bond with your audience and they can
swipe up go to your website read the
rest of the blog post or watch the rest
of the video and that will help you
drive you way more traffic and we found
it super effective for people to start
becoming more loyal to your blog
becoming a reader subscribing to it
through email or by just following you
on any of the social networks out there
four new blog posts if you're blogging
you can't just post on your website and
hope for the best promote the heck out
of it I share my content on Facebook
LinkedIn Instagram Twitter any social
network out there and I'll even put in a
new story check out this blog post swipe
up to read it and I'll put something
that's catchy in the story so I may talk
about Google's about to release a new
update swipe up to learn what it is and
how to be prepared for it that'll cause
a lot of people to come to my website
and learn more
five contests or sweepstakes want to
really keep your audience engaged show
off how they can win something exciting
maybe a consultation a free trial or
something inciting that you're willing
to give
sweepstakes giveaways they've worked for
ages keep using them that's why when you
go to a mall you still see those
giveaways of free cars or even you go to
casino they have all these giveaways why
do they do that because it works
six user generated content look
ugc or user generated content is huge 93
of marketers agree that content created
by consumers perform better than branded
content for example if you're selling a
product and someone else has a video of
them opening up and reviewing how
amazing is put in your story it'll
create more trust and more sales if you
need help with your social media
marketing check out my Ad Agency NP
digital if you enjoyed this video like
it share it tell the people about it if
you have any questions leave a comment
below we're here to help